a way to get to the root of the problem with the team member is just active
communication you have to sit down you've got to tell them that
you're having an issue with them show them relevant proof of you know
what you've been noticing you know it certain even if it's kind
of documented but on document doesn't actually have to be punitive but
if you can you can mention like listen you know here's certain things
that I've seen on this particular day there was this issue on this
particular day there's was that and really show them what the kind
of problems that you're having and then find out what's going on
with them there might be something personal that's happened in their
life that you're on aware of that's causing them to be unfocused and
maybe you can find that and help them resolve those issues or there's
something else is going on that you're on aware of that you need
to talk to them about but the biggest thing is just that communication
and having the strength to sit with that individual and let them
know that there is an issue and we need to get to the bottom of it
and figured out